Hello and welcome to this course.
The first thing I'd like to say is congratulations on being here and investing in yourself.
Now this course and all of the associated resources we've put together are designed to ensure you have
the best chance to pass your exam, no matter what your background.
Everyone can pass this exam with the right resources and the right approach to study.
So how do you go about using all of these resources to your best advantage?
Firstly, I'd like to point you towards the course download lesson, which is the last lesson in this
section.
In that lesson, you'll find a link to our website.
From that page, you'll be able to download the code that you need for the hands on lessons in this
course.
You'll also find a study guide which can give you a very good idea of how to approach study.
Now it is a guideline, really.
You can follow it to the letter if you like, or you might sort of tailor it to your own needs, depending
on how much time you have each day to allocate to study.
You'll also find the slides from the course, which you can download and peruse at your leisure offline.
There are two types of lesson in this course.
The first is the ferry lessons.
Now in those, I try to keep things as visual as possible with lots of animated diagrams to help you
to understand the concepts.
Then we go into hands on lessons.
You'll identify those because the name of the lesson has A. Well, at the beginning.
Hands on lessons are where you have an opportunity to go into the IWC console in your own free tier
account and follow along with what I do so that you can learn some really valuable hands on skills.
At the end of each section, you'll find a couple of additional lessons.
One is the architecture patterns.
What I do in those lessons is I try to introduce you to a way of taking the knowledge you've just learned
and putting it into the types of scenarios that you find in the workplace and also on the exam.
So it's about understanding particular problems that companies are trying to solve with the technologies
you've just learned about.
I go through some example requirements and the best solutions for them.
Then I have the exam crams.
Exam crimes are a really fast paced way of going through essentially a list of bullet points key facts
that you just need to understand for the exam.
Now that's good for last minute revision.
After you've been through the section, you've understood the fairy you've practiced hands on, and
now you just want to go through very quickly and get to the core facts.
At the end of each section, you'll also find a quiz.
The quiz will test your understanding of the knowledge you've just learned.
Quizzes are not meant to reflect the style of the exam questions those can be found in our practice
tests.
Now, I do highly recommend that you use our full practice test course to make sure that you've got
a broad understanding of the types of questions that come up and really hone your skills on problem
solving and coming up with the best solutions.
Quick tip If at any point in the course you find that I'm going too fast or too slow for you, you can
always change the playback speed.
And there are also subtitles which you can enable or disable at any time.
If you want to read along as well, the last thing I want to mention is our cheat sheets.
You'll find links at the end of each section.
Now they are a list of the core knowledge that often comes up in the exams that are a good way of quickly
getting to the knowledge you need without getting bogged down in all the hundreds of pages you'll find
on RWC.
So hopefully they're a really useful resource for you too.
So those are all the resources available to you now.
I do highly recommend that you follow through the course in order I do build on concepts and we work
through labs and use things that we've created in previous sections.
So it's really much better if you follow through the course in order and don't skip any lessons.
So that's it.
As I mentioned, there's a lot of resources here and absolutely everything you need to pass the exam.
So I hope you enjoyed the course and I'll see you in the next lesson.